Hello, everyone.
So next move on to the next problem, which is longest bot and again, a very classical problem.
It will help you solve a lot of problems on dynamic programming or increase dynamic programming on graphs.
A lot of it.
Let's understand this.
These are directory graph, dividend vertices and images.
Grid vertices are numbered one two in and for each i.e. the Iot edge goes from vertex X8 to y.
A g does not contain any directory cycles full.
So it's really mentioned that it's basically graph.
So basically we call this graph.
Dig.
What's their deck?
It is a dedicated.
It's a click.
Hey, we all know about this and we all have read about this.
We have we all have used it.
We apply topological sorting in all these types of graphs.
State So yeah, so what we have defined is finally in the longest detected part in G, length of the
longest detected, but it contains a cycle that the length of the longest, the body's infinite because
we can always go in the cycle forever.
So that's why he has said that it does not contain any cycles.
So here the consolidated part is the number of edges in it.
So the length of their detected by this number of edges in it and not the nodes.
So let's take an example.
Yeah.
So it's already represented.
So here we have four nodes and 5G.
The first is from 1 to 2, one, two, three, three to 2 to 4 and 3 to 4.
And we can easily see that data.
There are no second in this.
Right?
Of course, it can be a little confusing that there are cycles, but there are no cycles.
If you start from any node, you cannot come back to that node.
They?
It was the end of the longest directed bad guys.
It is from one, two, three, 3 to 2 and 2 to 4 rate of land three because it contains three edges,
although it contains four no trade, which is one, three, two and four.
But here we talk.
We are talking about.
The number of veggies in it.
Great.
So let's talk about let's talk about a leaf node.
Where does that leave node?
It doesn't have any type.
So in our directory cycling graph, there will be at least one leaf node.
I hope you're clear on this.
There will be at least one leaf node on it.
And there will be at at least one.
Also note Ray, which does not have any incoming edges, is just the opposite of the leaf note.
So what we call them, we call them source n sync, right?
So they will be at least one sync and there will be at least one source in a directed acyclic graph.
Right.
So let's talk about the single node, guys.
Yeah, it's.
Take another example.
Okay.
Let's take this example only.
Let me take an example.
Well, it's a wonder to.
Two, two, three, three, two, four.
And.
Let's do this.
It's beautiful.
So what I have is.
I have.
Our director is actually graph grade and I'm talking about the last note.
So what is the length of the longest common subsequent?
Starting from 48.
So that's what will be adequate in relation to F of I will be lent off.
I think these are the states land of the longest.
Addicted.
Starting.
We must start from my.
What are you the length of the longest director group.
So it will be zero in this case.
So this is how we approach anything.
We program the solution.
We start from the base case, then we move upwards by filling all the other values by the reconciliation
that we have.
The right here is the base case for you, right?
The base case is actually the leaf node and the end of the longest common, the length of the longest
directed part starting from the leaf note is zero.
It should be very clear because it doesn't contain any.
It's great.
Now, guys, let's talk about tree.
Well.
So how do we how do we calculate the longest comment?
The longest?
How do we get the answer for three?
It should be very simple.
It should be very simple that from three, I can go to all the trial notes.
It has eight of them.
Any note letter?
This is the current note.
I can go to any of its style notes.
It's a child one.
I do.
Child three.
And so on.
So what will be the length of the longest fog that starts from current?
If I'm starting from a current node, it can be appending appended to the to the longest path at the
prompt L1 or from child to or from territory.
I'd simply say that give me F of zone one, which is the length of the longest by starting from child
one f of change to.
And if after three.
Give me all this free value, then simply take max of them.
And I won't do it.
Why am.
Why am I adding one to it?
Because I'm including this age that this is this age or this.
There is at least one which is being included.
Hey, guys.
So.
So that's the normal of religion.
We don't have to think anything about it or any note.
I just have to find over the length of the note what is the length of the but just starting from one
over two silence and simply append one to it.
Because we are including the edits, we are adding the current note in the longest but eight.
And what we'll do is we'll do this for all the notes.
Okay so that's how recursion but right let's say if I call the first one right, then it will first
call DFS to the answer for two will be calculated and return back to one eight.
So I don't have to worry about filling up leave notes first, then moving up by because that's that's
what the equation is handling for me.
It's only doing this for me.
Okay, what is this stuff that it is doing for me?
It is already going on to the change notes of any note, plus calculating their answer and then return
back.
So I don't have to worry about applying a topological sort in this and then calculating answers in the
order.
We know that's what the equation is doing for me.
Eight.
Very easily escorted out?
No.
I don't think that there should be any of their doubts in this because it's a very easy in we just worried
about one transition what will the final answer.
It will be the maximum of F of current for everyone so it will be maximum of a phase I from one to n
max off phase eight.
So I'm starting from any one particular node.
What are the what is the maximum length of the longest electrified but starting from that.
Look.
These.
Oh, well.
Well, every deep problem is kind of a graph problem.
Only if.
If if it's being offered in that way.
Right.
It's kind of like this is a graph state which is dependent on disease states.
And it's very simple as that.
And the previous problem that we saw here.
Right here what we had we can make a graph of it would aid that f of a comedy is depended on f i minus
one g.
Or if I go gym minus one or.
I might as well listen.
Plasma.
Isn't this a graph?
Isn't this a directed acyclic graph?
Isn't this more.
Okay.
Isn't this what we are doing from a very long time?
Let me refresher.
Okay.
There's some error.
Oh, let's ignore that.
Hey, isn't this what we're doing from the first problem itself?
We're kind of creating a directory, basically graph by considering the nodes as the street values and
then making the edges where the edges edges are that recursive relations that transitions their dependent
state.
Eight.
So in the next problem, we'll call this out and see in the next part.